[birds chirping]
[music]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[explosion]
Morning!
Hi.
[door closes]
Perfect timing. I'm done packing.
Professor Sullivan
just e-mailed me
that the keys are under the mat,
and the place is all yours.
- Well, thank you for setting this up.
- Of course.
Is this all you're taking?
Yeah.
No! Wait! And this.
- He's coming, too.
- Do you really need it?
- Um, it just seems a little dead.
- He's not dead.
Dead-ish.
Don't say that.
He can hear you.
Don't listen to her.
We could always get you
a new cactus or a nice fern.
I don't want a new cactus.
I like this one.
- He's a survivor.
- Ah. It came out of the fire.
Yeah.
He might be a little charred,
but, you know, he's still
got some sharp-ass thorns.
Spines I think they're called.
I... like the metaphor.
Well, we'll put it on
the best ledge in the house.
Thank you.
All right!
Okay ... oh!
- Can you just wait until I'm gone?
- I've been waiting.
Are you even sad
that I'm moving out?
Nope.
I'm a grown man.
If I'm gonna have a second
toothbrush by my bathroom sink,
I don't want it to be my sister's.
So, bye-bye.
Okay, don't blame your lack
of a love life on me, okay?
I don't make you wear
those baseball pajamas.
Ma got me those.
Good luck explaining that
to toothbrush number two.
[door opens]
Hmm.
Thanks for taking me in.
I love you.
[title music]
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
6x17 - "Bomb Voyage"
She's our hacker's cousin?
Nina: Yes.
Married name's Hearn,
not Keating, which is why we
didn't trip to her earlier.
She did three years at
Framingham for check kiting,
was released six months ago.
That's how I found her.
Our hacker
was in a tagged photo
at Rhonda's
welcome-home party.
Are we sure
she's linked to Joe Harris?
No, but she's in jail
with our arsonist
and Maura's kidnapper.
That's a lot of coincidental
string to hold them together.
- Well, let's bring her in.
- I thought you might say that.
But her parole officer seems
to have... misplaced her.
- Since when?
- No contact for three months.
- Well, let's find her fast.
- Will do. [cellphone beeps]
[keyboard keys clacking]
This spoils my experience of nature.
- You hate nature.
- Well, I would like it a lot more
if there were fewer
dead people in it.
- Where's the victim?
- Well, this case involves a hike.
[groans]
- Do I need my boots?
- Yep.
911 got a call about
an explosion this morning.
By the time the unit got here,
jogger had found a finger.
Where?
It fell out of a tree
right in front of him.
- This is not an evidence bag.
- No. Sandwich bag.
Jogger didn't want a critter to
carry off with a partial digit.
Very considerate. Though my
evidence now has granola on it.
Kid tested, mother approved.
Was our victim prone to playing
with explosives in the woods?
I haven't been up to the scene yet,
so I'm a little short of details.
[sighs]
Which way?
What? What else?
Your hacker had a relative
that did time at MCI Framingham.
- Rhonda Hearn?
- No, doesn't ring any bells.
Still, maybe we're closer to
figuring out who's behind all this.
Your lips to god's ears.
[music]
Okay, so, powdered sand
and ivory dream
- are the exact same color, right?
- Different texture.
[chuckles]
We're talking about table linens.
Can it really be that complicated?
[chuckles] Wait till you get
to the centerpiece.
You have to be a horticulturist
to figure that all out. [groans]
[sighs]
- All right, what's wrong with you?
- Oh, no, I'm just thinking.
You know, I mean, this isn't
Vince's first wedding.
- It's not even his second.
- Yeah? So?
So, maybe I'm getting
a little carried away.
It's your wedding day.
- You're supposed to get carried away.
- Really?
You're the bride.
Embrace it ... all of it.
- Yeah, the linens, the flowers.
- The dress! [cellphone ringing]
- I'm sorry.
- No, no. [cellphone beeps]
Hi, Ron.
What?
Yeah, well, I don't know what to say.
Can I call you right back?
Yeah. Yep.
Right back. Bye.
[cellphone beeps]
Is everything okay?
Ron was invited to a medical
conference in Paris this weekend.
He asked if my passport was in order.
- So he wants to take you to Paris.
- That's impossible, right?
[chuckling] Okay, okay.
I'm gonna give your advice
back to you.
Go for it.
Call him back. Say yes.
Say "oui."
No.
[music]
It appears the cause of death
was traumatic limb loss.
No!
We're gonna need
more evidence bags.
Not a huge charge.
Smaller than a grenade.
Yeah. Like a homemade
pipe bomb, you think?
Did the uniforms find any other bombs
- or bomb-making materials?
- No, just a bag of carrots.
Okay, well, I'll reach out
to the bomb squad.
They're gonna want to find
the other pieces of the device,
make sure it's fully detonated.
The shrapnel density
and gunpowder residue
- suggests it might have ...
- Stop!
How could you disagree
with me, sergeant?
- I haven't ev...
- Just stop.
There's half a possum and
another crater over there.
We're standing in a minefield.
Just don't move.
[music]
[over PA] Hello, detectives.
Dr. Isles.
Okay, Bryce, you going for,
like, a pep-rally thing?
'Cause not peppy.
Not peppy.
I can shout if that'd
be easier for you,
but it is important
that you hear me.
Okay, listen up, first off,
obviously, you're all
gonna stay where you are.
Please turn off your cellphones.
It is unlikely that a bomb of
this type was detonated remotely,
but we do not know what else
was planted here.
Our plan is to use the
metal detectors and the dogs
to clear safe pathways
to walk you out,
but it will take a while.
We can only clear three inches
at a time.
You know what?
Go back to the bullhorn.
'Cause what you're saying
is excruciating.
Hey, you know,
I'm in a nice, shady spot,
so get everybody else out first, huh?
Wha... I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
No, no, no.
He's right.
You're all clustered together.
He's separate.
It's more efficient.
Is everybody clear?
- Got it.
- Yeah.
Why is it when you can't use
the ladies room,
all you want to do is use
the ladies room?
We're good.
We're all good.
[music]
Hey.
- You never called back about Paris.
- I'm sorry. Yeah.
I, uh... I know you
need to book the tickets.
I'm still thinking.
[sighs]
I'm moving too fast.
I-I got swept up,
and I-I pushed for something
that you're not ready for.
No, no, that's not it.
I would love to go away with you.
- You would?
- Yeah. But, um...
dropping everything
and jetting off to Europe...
I don't know why, but...
it's hard for me
imagining myself
getting carried away like that.
- I know why.
- You do?
How can you get carried away
when you're always so busy
carrying everyone else?
Yeah.
Maybe.
I don't want to pressure you,
but... I think you'd love Paris.
I'll see you when I get back.
Okay.
[beeping]
Is it possible whoever
planted these things
had no particular target in mind?
- Well, it's a really remote location.
- Right? [music]
Like, maybe he was practicing.
You know, maybe he was gonna
plant them elsewhere.
Well, that would fit the
distribution of the explosive residue.
Primarily on the front
of his torso,
But there's more on the upper
torso, perhaps indicating
that he was looking down
at the time of detonation.
- Hey.
- Yeah.
Well, we should check
with homeland security
and FBI and see if they've got
any home-grown terrorists
on their radar in the area, you know?
You're clear, Dr. Isles.
Remain inside the flags as you exit.
Okay. I will need a CSRU tech
to help me with the body.
I'm sorry.
First priority's for the living.
The body will be retrieved
when we clear the field.
But he's in the sun.
There will be a cascade
of chemical reactions
that will affect my analysis.
And I don't have any photos
or samples.
And what if something blows up?
- I'll be unable to help ...
- We'll get this done as quickly as we can.
I wish somebody had mentioned the
living/dead priority thing earlier.
Hold this, please.
You're not squeamish, are you?
Oh, for Chr... he's standing
in front of half a man!
If he was squeamish,
we would know about it.
I'm very sorry.
Well, this is no way
to run an investigation.
I'll try harder next time.
[music]
- Hey, are you okay?
- I'm fine.
I'm warm, annoyed,
but I'm ... I'm fine.
- You were in a minefield.
- And Jane and Korsak are still there.
And right now we can help most
by solving this
and ensuring that whoever did it
can't hurt anybody else.
This is from our victim.
Run a tox screen.
If he built the bomb himself,
he may have traces of
2, 4, 6-trinitrotoluene
in his bloodstream from
inhalation or physical contact.
- Maura!
- Oh.
- I'm so glad you're okay.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Thank you for your concern.
Thank you both for your concern.
But I'm fine.
All right.
All right, so, based on the photos
I took of the fingerprints,
our victim is John Franklin.
He is a co-founder of an NGO
that specializes in de-mining
former war zones and making
them safe for civilians.
Well, that would explain how
he might get a land mine.
Yeah, but it doesn't explain
why he would blow himself
up in a park in Boston.
[beeping]
You're clear.
Just stay on the path
on the way out, okay?
- Okay, uh, when can he go?
- Oh, don't worry about me, Jane.
Kiki will be glad I missed a meal.
[rapid beeping]
- I've got something!
- Hang on a second.
[device beeps]
Contact.
We've got another device.
Don't move until he's flagged it.
We don't want any motion
in the area while he's working.
Mr. Park, how long have you
and John been doing this work?
10 years. We joined the
peace corps after college.
Saw the damage the mines can do.
Decided to do something about it.
The way John was killed seems
very specific to your work.
- Does your NGO have any enemies?
- Plenty.
Governments of countries
who don't want us there,
people who think
we could be doing more.
John took most of the heat for it.
He was the face of our organization.
Fundraising, government
relations, that kind of thing?
Yeah.
Yeah, he was great at it.
[cellphone vibrates]
[sighs]
Our bomb squad just found
another mine.
- What? Where?
- In the same place.
Whoever did this was determined
to take him out.
Can I help?
I'm an expert in de-mining.
I-I appreciate the offer,
but what would really help is
to figure out who killed him.
Can you put together a list
of the places you've worked,
uh, copies of his e-mails,
employee records?
- Of course.
- Anyone with a grudge against you
is a potential suspect now, all right?
[beeping]
Bryce: Okay, Jane, mine's flagged.
You can go now.
Um, okay.
I'm ... I'm ...
I'm just gonna wait for you
over here, okay?
Oh, don't be silly.
It's a million degrees.
Get in the shade.
Get some water.
I-It's fine.
I don't mind waiting.
Would you get me a pizza ...
sausage and onion?
Really?
Okay. I'll get it in one of
those sleeves, keep it extra hot.
Don't get any closer.
I'm not sure it's safe. I...
- I stepped on one.
- I'm standing on a land mine.
[tense music]
Normally, you step on a mine,
it explodes within seconds,
but we think that Korsak
stepped on the edge of it
and it rocked up and
that's how he saw it.
Well, if it didn't explode,
can you just step off of it?
We can't risk it rocking back into place
and activating the pressure plate.
Well, how are you
gonna get him off of it?
[sighs]
- We're not sure yet.
- Okay.
- Where are you going?
- To go sit with him!
No, Jane, you got to stay outside
the potential blast zone.
Let me explain something to you.
That is one of the finest
detectives I have ever known,
and he is standing out there alone,
waiting to see if he's gonna blow up.
I'm going.
[sighs]
Kent, I need you to go up
to the bombing site.
Sure.
How many technicians
do you want me to take?
None.
Just your medical bag.
Sergeant Korsak is standing
on a land mine.
I think your experiences
in Afghanistan
have made you uniquely qualified
to help if things...
- Go sideways. Yeah.
- I have one thing I have to do,
but I will be there as soon as I can.
Okay.
[bullhorn crackles]
Close enough, Jane.
Jane, I mean it.
Stop.
- Apparently, this is close enough.
- You look ridiculous.
Shouldn't you be out
catching a murderer?
You want me
to go back to work?
You walk over here and make me.
[laughs]
[bullhorn crackles]
Apparently, our victim
came up here a lot.
So someone planted enough mines
he'd step on one eventually.
- Yeah.
- If you're patient,
it's not a stupid way
to murder someone.
No stupider than any other way.
Yeah.
You know, I've developed
a new appreciation
- to what you've been going through.
- What do you mean?
Not to go too deep
with the metaphor,
but the thought of your life
being blown up by unseen forces.
Yeah, no, that ...
that's too deep. [chuckles]
Are you sure you're dealing
with it all okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
[voice breaking]
'Cause I'm a little shaky.
Thinking how...
life with Kiki's so great.
It can all be gone in an instant.
And I've only been out here
a couple hours.
Nothi...
Nothing is gonna happen
to you, okay?
I'm not gonna let it.
And I ... and I got pizza
standing by.
[chuckles]
Okay?
How's the ...
how's the wedding planning?
Since you brought it up,
I've been meaning
to ask you something.
You want to be my best man...
so to speak?
Well, do I have to...
throw you a-a bachelor party?
'Cause I'm in for poker.
You know, not so much
on the strippers.
What's going on?
Um...
They're gonna ... they're gonna
remove that bomb.
So...
I'm too old for a bachelor party.
- No, you're not.
- Yeah, I am.
I'd be honored
to be your best man.
[sighs]
Who gets angry at people
for removing mines?
Well, there's millions of mines
all around the world.
And a lot of governments
don't want Americans
coming in and digging them up.
So if someone flew here
to send that message...
Or they were here already,
in an embassy, maybe.
Maybe.
Keep sorting through the e-mails.
See if anyone sounds like
they're gonna take things
a step further.
Hey.
How's Jane's case coming?
Any luck finding the hacker's cousin?
She was living in a residential
hotel until last month.
No forwarding address,
but I got an A.D.A.
to sign off on a warrant
for her cellphone.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hopefully, that leads somewhere.
I think you're working
about five times harder
than the rest of us.
[door opens]
How's it going?
They're about to remove
land mine number two.
Well, I guess number three
'cause one already exploded, right?
Anyway, they're removing a mine,
and it's not the one that
Korsak's standing on.
How are we going with our tests?
Well, the only explosive
chemicals in our victim's blood
or on that fingertip
were already combusted.
- So he didn't build or hold the mines?
- It doesn't appear so.
- Someone just blew him up.
- Yeah.
- Is this the sample?
- Yes.
Great. Thank you.
That's gonna help a lot.
- What is it?
- A lifetime's worth of favors.
What are you gonna do
with the bomb?
Protocol is to blow it up on scene,
which we'll do once
the sergeant's safe.
Well, is there any way to disarm it,
you know, so we can keep it
for evidence?
- Highly irregular.
- Come on, Bryce. Help us out.
I'm letting you be a hero today.
Tell you what, let's talk about this
over a nice glass of water
when everybody's finished
for the day, okay?
Is that a deal?
This is goethite. It's a
mineral found in limpet teeth.
Limpet?
Like the snail?
It's the strongest material
found in nature.
- It's stronger than kevlar.
- Yeah, Maura got it for us.
It's from the Advanced Material
Research Center.
Huh.
Learning all sorts of things today,
like how long it takes your
ass to go numb from not moving.
Yeah.
And that snails have teeth.
Uh-oh. Rubber's
about to hit the road.
Yeah.
Uh, now that
the field is clear, um...
They'll use the limpet
teeth to protect you in case
the bomb goes off ...
when they yank you off of it.
Yank?
Doesn't sound very technical.
Time to head back
to the command center.
- Okay, go ahead.
- No. You.
No!
This is Bryce's operation, detective.
And I'm not going anywhere, sergeant.
Please, Jane.
Vince...
[sighs]
It's gonna be all right.
Got limpet's teeth.
[birds chirping]
[music]
[radio chatter]
[exhales deeply]
[explosion]
Whew!
[elevator bell dings]
Look, I'm sorry I didn't
call you sooner.
We were dealing with a bomb.
Had to call in the bomb squad.
Yeah, everything's all right.
Am I fine?
Of course.
But I'll ...
I'll call you later.
Yeah, love you, too.
[cellphone beeps]
It's a story best told in person.
I also got a text from Nina.
She found the hacker's cousin.
Yeah. About an hour ago.
She's in interrogation.
This woman could lead us to the
person who's been after you.
Why didn't you come here
and talk to her?
'Cause I was waiting for you.
[sighs]
I stayed out of trouble
since my release.
I got nothing to say to you guys.
You haven't spoken to your
parole officer in three months.
That's bullshit.
Tell him to empty his voice mailbox.
I do what I'm supposed to do.
You know her?
- Don't remember.
- Her name's Lianne Sampson.
You were in
Framingham together.
Yeah, and so were like
2,000 other people.
You want to show me
their pictures, too?
How about Dr. Joe Harris?
- Who's that?
- Prison psychiatrist.
Don't need a shrink.
Never have.
Did you ever talk to anyone
in Framingham
about your cousin Riley ...
the one who's good
with computers?
No.
And why the hell
would I tell you if I had?
Look, Rhonda, you don't seem
like the type of person
that would make a plan to take
out a cop and her family,
so why don't
you just drop the attitude ...
- I'm done.
- You sit down!
Sit down!
- That's enough, Jane.
- Now!
- I'm gonna sue your ass!
- You're gonna sue me?
- I'll give you a reason to sue me!
- All right, all right, all right, damn it.
Shut up. Sit down! Come here!
- I'll give you a reason to sue me!
- Get outside.
You sit with me for an hour
while I'm standing on a bomb,
but you can't deal with a
shithead parolee for 10 minutes?
- Oh, I'm so sorry!
- Oh, you will be sorry, I bet!
- She burned my house down!
- No, she did not!
But at least we know
we're on the right track.
The only definitive answer
we got in there
was that she didn't talk
about the hacker in prison.
Which means she talked
Yes!
We were looking at thousands
of inmates, employees, vendors.
Now we can narrow it down
to the folks that actually
intersected with Joe Harris,
Lianne Sampson, and Rhonda.
You're right...
You're right.
After all that time in the sun,
I'm surprised you had the energy
to go after her like that.
[chuckles]
- [crying] She was really annoying.
- Oh, yes, she was.
You look flush.
I... might have just lost it
on a suspect.
It's just been one of those days.
[sighs]
- What's this?
- This is a disemboweled land mine
made of salvaged parts from
junkyards and old machinery.
It roughly follows some plans
that I found on the internet.
Can we trace it?
No fingerprints or DNA
that I've been able to find.
No serial numbers on the parts.
The only thing that might be
able to help you
is that the gunpowder that was used as
the explosive element has boron in it.
- And what would that do?
- Make it explode in a green color.
It's often used in fireworks
and military flares.
It's something.
Okay.
Oh, hey.
- Thank you.
- For what?
- For the teeth thingy.
- My pleasure.
[door opens]
- Our victim had enemies.
- Narrowing down the hate mails, are we?
I ran it through a search engine
that responds to certain trigger words.
Anything threatening
or violent in nature.
The e-mails with the highest
number of trigger words
all came from the same person ...
Jenny Evans.
Looks like she was on the ground
in the Cambodian village
that the NGO recently evacuated.
- She worked for Franklin?
- Yeah.
- Until she quit.
- She seems pissed.
Well, she's passionate.
That's for sure.
Let's bring her in and see
what she's been doing
- since she got back from Southeast Asia.
- Sure.
[sighs]
There's something that you're hiding
about this bomb situation.
- Kiki...
- I could hear it in your voice,
and I can see it in your face.
[sighs]
The bomb was actually a land mine.
I stepped on it.
I had to be extracted.
It was a precision operation.
Our bomb techs are the best.
Here I am without a scratch.
Oh, my god.
- But you could have been ...
- That's the job.
I know.
- [sniffles] I know that.
- I fully intended to tell you,
but I'm so in it trying
to find the sicko
that put that mine in the ground.
I'm okay.
Are you?
I don't ... I, uh...
[voice breaking] I think I need time.
Okay.
Whatever you need.
But I'm glad you're safe.
Me too.
[music]
[sighs]
[door closes]
I can't believe this is how I'm
finding out that John's dead.
Walter should have
at least called me.
Even though you didn't work
there anymore?
I was more than just an employee.
John and I were together for years
until a couple of months ago.
You sent some pretty angry
e-mails, threatening, even.
Yeah, well, they were supposed
to be a wake-up call,
which didn't work, obviously.
What do you mean, "wake-up calls"?
He was losing perspective,
falling into the money trap.
There's plenty of profit to be
made in the nonprofit world.
Trust me.
Is it so bad to make a little
money while helping others?
Except they weren't helping others,
not as much as they could.
They were going to parties,
being full of themselves.
A couple of photo ops
with a congressman
does not make you Bono.
- Did John ever write you back?
- No.
Last I heard, he was shagging
some hotel heiress
he met at a Vanity Fair party.
I mean, I can't believe
that's who he's become.
Katherine Bryant, 38.
Her family controls a chain
of budget motels
across the country.
- Company's valued around $1 billion.
- Never heard of her.
Yeah, I think that's how she likes it.
She's a notoriously private person.
Her online presence has been
totally scrubbed.
I was able to find one article
that mentions her
from Equatorial Guinea.
It's a piece about the de-mining
efforts in that region.
And she just happens to be
with our victim.
- For 3 1/2 weeks.
- Are we talking about the heiress?
Current theory ... scorned woman
plants land mine.
- You got anything better?
- I do.
Jilted husband plants mine
to send message to victim
and cheating wife.
- Husband?
- I found no record of a husband.
She didn't change her name.
And on paper, they exist
as very separate entities,
but yes, she is married.
I bet the husband
didn't like seeing her
in the paper with another man
halfway around the world.
All the politics aside,
we might have a crime
of passion on our hands.
Hey!
You want to grab some dinner?
There's a pub in Charlestown
I've been dying to try.
Oh...
- I just made noodles.
- Mm...
- What's all this?
- Every single person
who was at Framingham
during Rhonda's stay.
So, what are you
looking for exactly?
I am trying to figure out
which of them
interacted with both Rhonda
and Joe Harris while there.
[sighs]
- What are you doing?
- Helping you.
No, Maura. Come on.
It's late.
- You don't have to do this.
- Look, you're not the only one
that this is happening to, all right?
I want to find this name
as badly as you do.
So, just think of me as
one more cactus on your ledge.
Want some noodles?
Sure.
[blues guitar plays]
- Good night.
- What's this?
Oh, uh, swatches.
- For your reception.
- Ahh.
You know, this morning,
I woke up, had coffee,
promised Kiki I'd go
cake-tasting with her on Saturday.
Then I went to work and...
spent the day wondering whether
it would be my last one on Earth.
- Wow, hearing you say it is so scary.
- And a good reminder.
What, of all the murderers
out there?
No. That life is unpredictable
and precious.
We should always live
for the moment ...
land mine or no land mine.
[blues music continue]
Hmm.
You know what, Vince?
I think you have to get someone
to cover my shift tomorrow night.
Thanks.
Good night.
[door opens]
[sea gulls crying]
John: With your support,
we can maximize resources
and save countless lives.
My business plan is built on
restraint and transparency.
Your dollars go to
the communities we serve,
not into the pockets of
corporate bureaucrats...
- He's very compelling.
- And apparently not the cheating type.
Our heiress told us she was
funding his mission.
She was in Africa to observe
his operation.
We believe her?
Our financial people
sent over the paperwork.
- They were definitely making a deal.
- Said he had an epiphany.
He wanted to get back to his roots,
- in terms of his original vision.
- So it wasn't an affair.
Well, he was kind of cheating
on his business partner.
Yeah, he told the heiress
that his partner, Park,
was more interested in executive
perks than in the mission itself.
Our guy wanted to start over,
downsize the administrative
costs of the NGO.
Oh. So bye-bye parties
and photo ops.
Guess what we just found
at Walter Park's house.
- Not Walter Park?
- Nope.
And uniforms stopped by his office.
He's not there, either.
But we did find John Franklin's
investor video.
- So he knew.
- Yeah.
Which gives him a big, fat motive.
He knew he was about to lose
his oversized salary.
- Mm-hmm.
- The prison list.
I've highlighted some names
I think you'll want to look at.
- Thank you.
- Nina: Here it is.
Park has a waterfront property
in New Hampshire.
Oh, and look at that.
He throws an annual
4th of July celebration there
with a dazzling display of fireworks.
And the fireworks would explain
the boron in the gunpowder
we found in the mine.
Mm-hmm.
Who wants to go to New Hampshire?
Line up behind me.
[laughter]
[indistinct conversations]
[music]
- It's over, Park!
- No.
No, I'm getting on my boat,
and I'm leaving.
And then what?
You think your political friends
will stick by you
if you flee the scene?
Put it down.
Come on in.
We'll talk about it.
Not another step.
Leave us alone.
Get out!
That's an order, detective.
Bomb squad will be here any minute,
and I'm not leaving you alone again.
All right.
Holster your weapon.
What are you doing?
I've been thinking about
explosives a lot lately...
ever since I stepped on one.
And I'm asking myself,
"what kind of person murders
someone with a land mine?"
And you know
what I came up with?
- A coward.
- Ohh!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
What are you doing?
- What are you doing?
- It's a fake.
He was trying to pass
a clothesline off as det cord.
Well, if you knew that,
why did you tell me to leave?
'Cause I could have been wrong.
Troopers!
[music]
Wait, what?
Korsak!
♪ Turn the lights on ♪
♪ oh oh oh ♪
The man who put my fiancé
in danger is behind bars.
So that term still applies?
What, fiancé?
Why wouldn't it?
Well, I've lost two wives to this job.
- When you said you needed time, I ...
- I meant I needed time.
Vince, I want to marry you...
as soon as possible, actually.
Smaller wedding, less planning.
Sounds perfect.
[chuckles] Good.
Let's have some champagne.
Two champagnes.
The good stuff.
[sighs]
Frankie: Thank you.
- Wow, thank you.
- Yes.
Ma, you are wearing
a jaunty beret.
I came to say  au revoir.
Ron is picking me up
and taking me to Paris.
Paris, France?
How romantic.
A Parisian getaway.
- Good for you, Ma.
- Yeah, well, I decided to seize the day.
- And the hat.
- [laughs] Am I pulling it off?
Trés chic.
It's a great look for you.
You and Che Guevara.
[laughter]
I'll see you all soon.
[cellphone vibrates]
Have fun!
Oh, that's Nina.
She's still at the office.
[cellphone beeps]
Hey, what's up?
No, I don't want to wait till tomorrow.
I-I'll come in now.
Okay, I'll see you.
[cellphone beeps]
Uh, Nina's got something.
[elevator bell dings]
Been through civilians,
staff, and inmates.
- I think I found her.
- Okay, let's see.
She was in Framingham
with Rhonda Hearn.
They were housed
in the same cellblock.
And while she wasn't a patient
of Joe Harris,
she has a work duty that
puts her in the sector
where his office is
three times a week.
Do you know her?
Well, she looks familiar,
but I-I don't know how.
Her name is Alice Sands.
Mnh-mnh.
I don't recognize it.
- What is she in for?
- Possession with intent.
She's in the home stretch
of a four-year sentence.
Her maiden name is McFadden.
Does that help?
McFadden...
Yes! Yes, we were in
the police academy together,
but ... but she ...
she left before we graduated.
Sergeant Detective Vince Korsak,
Boston Police.
Need information on a current inmate.
Answering service.
Admins have all gone home
for the night.
I don't even remember this woman.
- Why would she come after you?
- I honestly have no idea.
They're saying the earliest
we can get it is tomorrow.
[scoffs]
I'm not waiting till tomorrow.
[music]
I'm sorry, detectives.
I want to help you.
- Then open the door.
- I'm forbidden from doing that
except for medical emergencies.
I want to see this woman,
and I want to see her now.
Then you have to contact
my superiors.
This inmate burned down my apartment.
She kidnapped the Chief Medical
Examiner of the Commonwealth!
- She is also an accessory to murder!
- I want to help you, detective,
but I don't want to lose my job!
[computer beeps]
Then you call the warden.
You call the mayor if you have to!
I don't care who you call!
You just open that door!
- Jane!
- What?!
She was released three days ago.
[music]
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org